- The moon looks gigantic.
- It's the fool moon.
- You mean "full."
I think you're catching
Andi's accent.
- I don't think
you can catch accents.
♪ ♪
[cell phone rings]
[both gasp]
It's my dad. He's home.
- That was fast.
- I gotta go before
he realizes I'm not home.
- Come on, I'll walk you home.
And don't worry.
I won't let your dad see me.
- Thanks for this.
And the moon.
I love it.
[doorbell rings]
Hello?
[powers zapping]
[gasps]
- [laughs]
Hey, Emma.
- Stop doing that!
What do you want?
- I just came to see
how you are.
I feel like
you've been avoiding me.
- Let's see--you cheated
to beat my boyfriend
in a race,
glued my best friend's feet
to the ground,
and made her locker yours.
Mm-hmm.
Why would I be avoiding you?
- My question exactly.
Why would you be avoiding me?
When, instead, you could be
asking questions like,
"Hey, Jax,
why don't you teach me
some of those really
impressive spells of yours?"
- [laughs] No, thanks.
Your spells
aren't that impressive.
- Oh, really?
Then what about this...
[powers zapping]
[thunder crashing]
Or even this...
[powers zapping]
[plants clatter]
Or even this...
[powers zapping]
- Awww! Bunnies!
They're so cute!
But you have to get rid
of them.
What if someone sees them?
- You say you're so powerful,
you get rid of them.
- These bunnies are cute,
but they can't be here.
So away they go,
as they disappear.
[snaps fingers]
- Emma, your door was...
[powers zapping]
Open.
Emma...
your powers are back.
[upbeat pop music]
WOMAN: ♪ I cast a spell ♪
♪ It takes a hold of you ♪
♪ I see my dreams ♪
♪ And they're all
coming true ♪
♪ Come on,
let's go ♪
♪ You and me together ♪
♪ Look up ahead ♪
♪ There's a magical adventure ♪
♪ Every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm trying
every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm going
every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Every witch way ♪
- You just made
those bunnies disappear.
[powers zapping]
- What was that?
- Relax. It's just
a teensy-weensy...
- Hey, Emma, sorry I'm late.
Uh, hey, Jax.
What are you doing here?
- Memory-wiping spell.
- Why did you do that?
- Uh, what?
- Hey, hey, hey.
I just did it to help.
At least this way, he won't know
anything about the bunnies.
- What bunnies?
- These bunnies.
[powers zapping]
EMMA: [gasps]
- Whoa, dude!
You? Emma?
- Go ahead, Emma.
Explain to him
where the bunnies came from.
[powers zapping]
- Your powers are back.
- [sighs]
Yes. They are.
- And you're a witch too.
- A wizard, and you shouldn't
even know that.
[powers zapping]
- Hey, Emma, sorry I'm late.
- Hey, Daniel.
- Hey, Jax,
what are you doing here?
- Stop it!
- Stop what?
- You don't want him to know
your powers are back.
- What? Your powers are back?
- Uh...
Yeah.
- Oh, come on.
- And why does he know
you're a witch?
And why does he know
about your powers?
What's going on here?
- I just need some time.
I can't decide what to do,
and this might be mean,
but to buy me some time,
wipe his memory clean!
[powers zapping]
Oh, no!
Why did you do that?
- I was just trying to help.
I didn't realize
you were casting a spell.
- What?
- You really need to learn
how to cast spells
without talking.
- Daniel?
- Who's Daniel?
- Oh.
[fingernails zapping]
Ah, found you.
Open!
[powers zapping]
[screaming]
What is this?
Witch deterrent!
Ahhhh!
Oh. I'm fine.
I'm fine.
Clever little witch
booby-trapped her locker.
Now, how am I...
gonna get rid of you?
Ah, yes.
Classic...
"witch meets boy,
witch loses her powers"
story.
[shoes clicking]
Um, yes?
- Hey, Katie.
- What are you doing here?
Maddie's not even home.
- Mrs. Van Pelt let me in
and asked me to fix the table.
- Oh, right.
[laughing]
She thinks you're the handyman.
- This would be so sad
if it wasn't so amusing.
- This student ID says
that I go to...
I-ri-di-um High School.
And it says my name
is Daniel Miller.
- [laughs]
What?
At least he can still read.
- Reverse it. Now!
- I can't.
I don't know how because we cast
the spell at the same time.
I mean, technically,
this is your fault.
- What? No, it isn't.
I have to do something.
I'm gonna call Lily.
- Lily?
New Council member Lily?
No, you can't do that.
- You have no say in this.
I am done listening to you.
- No, Emma, wait!
You can't contact
the Council.
They almost took
my powers away once,
and if they find out
about this,
they'll take my powers away
for sure this time.
- They did?
- Yes.
My dad got me out of it.
He's a pretty influential guy,
like a wizard...
what's his name?
Mark Zuckenberger man.
Emma, please.
I'll lose my powers.
- I have to do something.
I can't just leave him
like this.
- Do I always
wear my hair like this?
- Just try to find
another way.
- I guess I could
check the Hex and see
if there's something in there.
- Yes, the Hex.
We'll try that. Where is it?
- Andi invited him over
for a sleepover.
I can go there,
but we have to hide Daniel.
No one can know.
- I'll watch him.
- Yeah, like I'm gonna
leave Daniel with you.
- Look, I know I screwed up,
but let me make up for it.
- Fine, but you'd better
take good care of him.
Otherwise, I'm calling
the Council and reporting you.
- Hey, uh, do you guys
have a brush?
I wanna, like, part
my hair down the middle.
- No, you don't.
Don't worry, Danny.
I'll fix this.
- You're very pretty.
Maybe we can go
and have some pizza--
- Make sure he texts his mom.
- I fixed the faucet.
I think.
Will you tell me now?
- Hm...
Things that Maddie likes.
Hmmmm...
- Come on!
- Okay. Okay.
She loves dark chocolate.
But she hates white chocolate.
- No, she loves
white chocolate.
She hates dark chocolate.
She also loves
romantic comedies.
- No, she loves
horror movies.
Fluffy, goose-feather blankets.
- No, fluffy cotton blankets.
She's allergic
to goose feathers.
- No,
she's allergic to geese.
Cotton irritates her skin.
Dogs.
- Unicorns.
- Large animals with wings
freak her out.
Well, did you get all that?
- Sort of.
- So, I'm a shy bookworm
who has a hard time
talking to girls.
- Yep.
Oh, and you're German.
- I am?
- [German accent] Ja, you are.
- [German accent]
Oh, ja, das is good.
- [laughs] Why don't you
grab us a seat?
I'll find us some food.
- Oh.
- Hey, Daniel, how's it go--
What are you wearing?
- [German accent]
You like my outfit?
Jax and I went shopping.
- And you bought that?
On purpose? Never mind.
I have a couple questions
for you. Ready?
Tell me--
how are you feeling
about the Sharks' next big
match-up against the Dolphins?
- [German accent]
Ja, well...
I like zee dolphins.
Sharks are all ugly
and scary.
So, I want zee dolphins
to win.
- What?
But you're a Shark.
- [laughing]
I'm pretty sure I'm a German.
- I'm talking about
the swim meet.
- What swim meet?
- The one you're supposed
to win four races in.
- Do I know how to swim?
- Why are you talking
like that?
What's wrong with you?
[gasps] Did you hit your head
or something?
- I don't know. Did I?
- I should call your mom.
- We're getting into
the danger zone.
Let's end this
by blowing up her phone.
- Hello, Mrs. Miller?
[powers zapping]
[gasping]
My phone!
All my interviews!
All my secret recordings!
All my in-case-of-emergency
blackmail files!
- Maybe it just got too full
and overloaded.
It happens all the time.
Come on, Daniel,
we gotta go.
- [German accent]
Oh. I have to go.
Good luck viz your phone.
I hope it can be saved, ja?
- [sighs]
- Me too.
- Got a delivery here for, uh,
Maddie Van Pelt.
- Proxy?
Are you working as a handyman
and a delivery man?
- No, I brought you
some presents.
- [laughs]
So what'd you bring me?
- [snarling]
- Achoo! Achoo!
- Well?
- Well, I hate horror movies.
My allergies are
going berserk...Achoo!
From all the blankets,
and unicorns freak me out.
But...
I do love all kinds
of chocolates,
romantic comedies,
and dogs.
- Oh, thank goodness.
So...I'm forgiven?
♪ ♪
- [German accent]
Nine. Twenty-vun.
Two. Three.
- Daniel?
- It is ze pretty girl
from before.
[clears throat]
Do you go to I-ri-di-um
High School too?
- Oh, no.
He thinks he's...German?
[laughter]
- What are you wearing?
- I got ze new outfit.
- Why does he think
he's German?
- Uh, long story.
But don't worry about it.
He spent the night
at my house,
and his parents don't
suspect a thing.
Did you get
the reversal spell?
- No. And that's it.
I'm calling Lily.
This is getting out of hand.
- I know you can fix this.
- The accent's hilarious.
But it's gonna get suspicious
when he can't recognize
anyone.
- We'll just make sure
he doesn't talk.
- What? He's not just gonna
not talk all day
because we say so.
- Daniel?
No talking until I say so.
Problem solved.
- I hope, for your sake,
Daniel's okay after this.
Or you'll be sorry.
- Maddie! Over here!
- I'm pretty sure
we only said "Maddie."
- Yeah, he's sitting
with us today.
- He is?
- Yes.
Anyone got a problem
with that?
- But...
- No?
Good. Move over!
- Thanks for all
the help, Panthers.
All good now.
- [laughs, scowls]
- Hi, Desdemona.
You wanted to--
Wow.
That's quite an outfit.
- Well, this is how
I usually dress
when I'm not on official
"Council" duty.
- Okay.
Anyway, you wanted to see me?
- Yes, I wanted to check in.
See how everything's going.
- Uh...it's going great.
It couldn't be better.
- And Daniel?
How's he?
- He's fine. Why do you ask?
- Well, we gave you
an ultimatum.
And I was worried
how you would react to that.
- I'm not breaking up
with Daniel
just because you want me to.
- Just like your mother.
She gave up her powers
for love--true love.
- I heard that.
For my dad.
- Oh, they were
quite the couple.
She never regretted,
you know?
Never missed her powers.
- Why are you telling me
all this?
- Oh, I don't know.
I should be telling you,
"Give up the human."
"Protect the realm."
Blah, blah, blah.
But I guess, deep down...
I'm a romantic.
- [German accent]
What are vee doing here?
- We have to make sure
nobody sees you,
or suspects anything.
Just chill
and follow my lead.
I got French next.
[approaching running footsteps]
♪ ♪
- What are you doing?
- Are you crazy?
This is all your fault!
[all arguing at once]
- I am so done!
- Stop it!
- Where's Daniel?
- Vot do you mean
you haf no sauerkraut?
[laughter]
- That's so funny.
Do a British accent now.
- I vill do no such think.
[laughter]
- Why are you laughink?
- There!
- Danny, there you are.
- In the cafeteria.
At lunch time.
Who would have thought of that?
- Emma, you gotta hear
Daniel's new accent.
It's better
than his Italian one.
- I am German,
not zee Italian!
- We've gotta get him
outta here.
- Yeah.
Well, we gotta go.
Kommen sie,
Daniel.
It's no use.
I still can't find
a memory-wiping reversal spell.
I have to call Lily
for help.
- Yes!
I mean, well, all right.
If you have to.
[cell phone chimes]
- It's ringing.
[powers zapping]
- Whoa.
- Emma? Andi?
- So that's what the phone does
when I dial it?
It transports you here?
- Yes, which is why
I told you to only call me
in case of an emergency.
- Big props on your outfit!
- It's for
my Council training.
So why did you call me?
- Well...
Daniel's memory may have been...
Erased.
- What?
Hm... How much of
Daniel's memory is gone?
- He, uh...
doesn't even know
who he is.
LILY: Emma!
- I know. I know.
Can you help me?
- Yes.
But are you sure you want me to?
- What? Why wouldn't I?
- As the Chosen One,
you will always be in danger
from enemies
who might want
to steal your powers.
So will the humans
who know about you.
- Oh, yeah? Bring it on.
- And if you're still
with Daniel,
he'll be the number one target.
But if he doesn't remember
you have powers,
he'll be safe.
- So you want me to just
leave Daniel like that?
With no memory?
- I want you to consider it.
Daniel barely escaped
last year.
Is it worth you risking
his life again?
- I don't know.
- Also, if he doesn't remember
you two were together,
we don't have to take
your powers.
- Wait. Now this
is getting interesting.
- I get what you're saying,
but it just seems cruel
to leave Daniel with no memory.
- I know, but he'll
eventually relearn
everything he needs to know.
But if we take your powers,
that's it.
You won't get them back.
I have to get back.
Horseback riding
starts in five minutes.
- Oh!
- And, no, you can't come.
[powers zapping]
- What am I supposed to do?
- Magic powers or a boyfriend?
It's a no-brainer.
Sorry, Daniel.
- It's just...so unfair.
- Oh, hello, girls.
Can I help you with something?
- Uh, no, thanks.
We were just leav--
[powers zapping]
- What are you doing?
- Oh, relax.
It's just a daydream trance...
so I can talk
to you privately.
- Anything you have
to say to me,
you can say in front of Andi.
- I'm giving you the
memory-wiping reversal spell.
- What? How did you know
that I need one?
Not that I do...
need a spell or anything.
- Na da di da da da.
Don't bother.
I overheard you.
- You were eavesdropping?
- I'm a powerful witch.
I don't need to eavesdrop.
But, yeah, I was.
- You don't agree with Lily--
about me putting
my loved ones in danger?
- I think you should be allowed
to make your own decisions
and not be pressured by what
other people want you to do.
- You really trust
my judgment?
- I do.
Besides,
you're the Chosen One.
Whatever you do, other people
should just accept it.
- But--but if we take
the Jellybean Highway,
we'll never get to
the Chocolate Forest.
- You don't have to use
the spell.
But think about
what you'll miss more--
Daniel or your powers.
Good luck.
I trust you'll make the decision
that's right for you.
- Thanks.
[powers zapping]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
I'm gonna go get a drink.
You want anything?
- [German accent] Ja, okay.
You zeem...
very familiar to me.
Like we met before today.
- We...
Really?
- Ja.
Perhaps vee knew each other
in another life.
- Maybe.
- You like, uh...
glitter.
- What?
- And, uh, making...
how you say?
Uh, zee books
with zee photos
and drawings inside.
- How do you know that?
- I just...
know.
- Hey, Danny,
will you stand here?
- Ja. Why?
- Uh, it's a game.
- Oh!
- That's it?
[scoffs] This is too easy.
- Ven does the game start?
- Now.
This crash will put Daniel's
memory right on track.
But he won't remember
how he got his memory back!
[snaps fingers]
[powers zapping]
Daniel?
- [normal voice]
What happened?
Whoa, I feel dizzy.
- We were getting some things
out of the T3 closet
and some boxes fell on you.
DANIEL: I think
I hit my head.
EMMA: You did,
but...you're okay now.
♪ ♪
- What am I wearing?
- [laughs]
♪ ♪
[powers zapping]
- Whoo! Hoo! Hoo! Hoo!
I can't believe good me
did evil me
such a big favor.
One Council member down.
Two to go.
[clicks tongue]
WOMAN: What happened to you?
You used to be
a nerdy number chick.
Now you're a super saucy.
- Ha!
What can I say?
The fool moon
has magical effects on us.
- Oh, when I get outta here,
you are so busted!
The Council's gonna kick
your butt to the curb.
- By the time
you get out of here...
there won't be a Council
anymore.
- What does that mean?
You can't get rid
of the Council.
- Eeeh...but I can.
Along with everyone else
in the Magic Realm.
- You're not thinking of...
[gasps]
Combining the light
of the Magic Realm
with the last light
of the fool moon...
- To destroy the Magic Realm
and become the last witch
standing!
Oh, come on.
The Desdemona you know
would never do that.
But this Desdemona would.
[nasty laughter]
[upbeat pop music]
♪ ♪